
**Dev-Links**  
├─ [.NET](#net)  
├─ [Design Guidelines](#design-guidelines)  
├─ [Architecture](#architecture)  
├─ [Blogs](#blogs)  
└─ [Posts](POSTS.md)  

* * *

## .NET

![icon](favicons/microsoft.png)
.NET Blog  
https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/  

![icon](favicons/microsoft.png)
Visual Studio Blog  
https://devblogs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/  

![icon](favicons/vsm.png)
Visual Studio Magazine  
https://visualstudiomagazine.com/Home.aspx  

![icon](favicons/ms-net.png)
.NET Source Browser  
https://source.dot.net  
https://sourceroslyn.io  
https://referencesource.microsoft.com  

![icon](favicons/net.png)
Learning center  
https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/learn  

<!--
![icon](favicons/microsoft.png)
MSDN Magazine Archive  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/archive/msdn-magazine/msdn-magazine-issues  
-->

![icon](favicons/github.png)
The Book of the Runtime  
https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/tree/main/docs/design/coreclr/botr  

* * *

## Design Guidelines

![icon](favicons/microsoft.png)
Framework Design Guidelines  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/  

![icon](favicons/microsoft.png)
Library Guidance  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/library-guidance/  

![icon](favicons/github.png)
Microsoft REST API Guidelines  
https://github.com/Microsoft/api-guidelines/blob/master/Guidelines.md  

![icon](favicons/refactoring.png)
Refactoring Guru  
https://refactoring.guru/refactoring/catalog  
https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns/catalog  

* * *

## Architecture

![icon](favicons/microsoft.png)
Azure Application Architecture Guide  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/guide/  

![icon](favicons/microsoft.png)
.NET Architecture Guides (Books)  
https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/dotnet/architecture-guides  
https://github.com/dotnet-architecture/eBooks/tree/main/current  
<!--https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/  -->

![icon](favicons/github.png)
Clean Architecture Solution Templates  
https://github.com/ardalis/CleanArchitecture  
https://github.com/jasontaylordev/CleanArchitecture  
https://github.com/Youbiquitous/project-renoir ([book](https://www.microsoftpressstore.com/store/clean-architecture-with-.net-9780138203368))  
https://devblogs.microsoft.com/ise/next-level-clean-architecture-boilerplate/  

![icon](favicons/markrichards.png)
Software Developer To Software Architect  
https://developertoarchitect.com/lessons/  

![icon](favicons/blank.png)
Microservices.io | Chris Richardson  
https://microservices.io  

![icon](favicons/github.png)
Evolutionary Architecture by example  
https://github.com/evolutionary-architecture/evolutionary-architecture-by-example  

* * *

## Blogs

#### C# / .NET

![icon](favicons/ardalis.png)
Steve Smith, Ardalis  
https://ardalis.com/category/software-development/  
https://github.com/ardalis  

![icon](favicons/hanselman.png)
Scott Hanselman  
https://www.hanselman.com/blog/  
https://github.com/shanselman  

![icon](favicons/andrewlock.png)
Andrew Lock  
https://andrewlock.net  
https://github.com/andrewlock  

![icon](favicons/wp.png)
Jon Skeet  
https://codeblog.jonskeet.uk  
https://github.com/jskeet  

![icon](favicons/blank.png)
Erik Ejlskov Jensen (EF, SQL)  
https://erikej.github.io  
https://github.com/ErikEJ  

![icon](favicons/jonhilton.png)
Jon Hilton (Blazor)  
https://jonhilton.net/post/  
https://github.com/jonhilt  

![icon](favicons/mikesdotnetting.png)
Mike Brind (Razor Pages, Blazor)  
https://www.mikesdotnetting.com/  
https://github.com/mikebrind  

<!--
Top .NET Developers & Contributors To Follow  
https://www.developmentsimplyput.com/post/top-net-developers-contributors-to-follow  
-->

#### General

![icon](favicons/codeproject.png)
CodeProject | The Insiders  
https://www.codeproject.com/script/Mailouts/Archive.aspx?mtpid=4&pgnum=1  

![icon](favicons/codinghorror.png)
Jeff Etwood | Coding Horror  
https://blog.codinghorror.com/  

![icon](favicons/blogspot.png)
Bart Wullems | The Art of Simplicity  
https://bartwullems.blogspot.com/search/label/.NET  
https://bartwullems.blogspot.com/search/label/Architecture  

![icon](favicons/vadimkravcenko.png)
Vadim Kravcenko | CTO  
https://vadimkravcenko.com/newsletter/#h-past-issues  

![icon](favicons/neilonsoftware.png)
Neil Feyn | Neil on Software (Podcast)  
https://neilonsoftware.com  

![icon](favicons/joelonsoftware.png)
Joel Spolsky | Joel on Software  
https://www.joelonsoftware.com  

![icon](favicons/lethain.png)
Will Larson | Irrational Exuberance  
https://lethain.com  

![icon](favicons/effectiveengineer.png)
Edmond Lau | The Effective Engineer  
https://www.effectiveengineer.com/blog  
